Star, you don't have
to do this.
I must.
Accept your fate, human.
Never!
Very well.
Remember, you asked for this.
Tickle war!
Titan, tita... Titans, go!
No, don't. Don't do it!
I got to pee!
Yeah, you got me.
It's no use, Star.
My computer parts
cannot be tickled.
Oh!
Belly button!
And I couldn't forget you,
my little bumgorf.
Man, Starfire is so upbeat!
Her happiness makes me happy.
-Thirteen seconds.
That's the longest
you were ever in
a good mood, mama.
-That was a record.
I have to know, Star,
where does your cheery
disposition come from?
I suppose it comes
from growing up
on my home planet, Tamaran.
If it made you this nice,
it must be the best place
in the universe.
Okay, okay.
Wait your turn, please.
No, no. You go next.
When you gonna take us there?
I am not sure
you would like it.
We like you.
We'll like your planet.
You may find
my Tamaranian ways strange,
much like I find some
of the Earth ways strange.
A poem for milady.
Is that a sunrise on yon lake?
Nay. 'Tis your eyes.
It would mean so much to me,
if I could share
this special place.
Then share away.
Let's go to space!
It is so good to be home.
Ah. I missed the crispness
of Tamaranian air.
My lungs are crying!
What are we breathing, Star?
That is
the Tamaranian fire air.
What
Your planet's air
is made out of hot sauce.
It ensures the weak
do not survive.
You will grow accustomed
to the burning.
* The pain
All I know is pain *
Oh, do not die
so quickly, friends.
We have just arrived!
There are so many more
wonderful things to see.
ROBIN: Wow!
This place is amazing.
Give us the tour, Star.
We want to see
all the things that made you
such a sweet
little cuddle bug.
As a Tamaranian princess,
this palace was my home.
We often entertained kings,
queens and warlords,
in an effort to keep the peace
of the galaxy.
This is General Thraxis
of the Blood Dominion.
We are working on
a very important treaty
with him now.
What up, General?
What was that about?
Oh, on Tamaran,
a handshake
is the most violent
declaration of war.
He has vowed
to wipe out my people
and turn Tamaran
into intergalactic gravel.
My bad.
That is the all right,
but you must excuse me,
I need to rally
a planetary defense.
Charge!
You have to shake
everyone's hand?
I'm a friendly guy,
what do you want me to do?
This is not
what I was expecting.
I'm not sure
I like Starfire's planet.
It's definitely not
as sweet as she is.
True, but it's pretty cool
watching those blob
guys explode.
-There goes one!
-Why does everything
burn on this planet?
My face!
This is terrible.
Let's go
before things get worse.
No, Raven. It means so much
to Starfire that we're here.
Yo! The cries of terror
have stopped.
Maybe Cyborg's
handshake war is over.
Handshakes are friendly,
I don't care who you are,
they are friendly.
Good news!
The war has concluded
and only three-quarters
of the planet were destroyed.
That's great!
I'm so happy
for you, Starfire.
As is the custom on Tamaran,
I brokered a truce
by offering my hand
in marriage to the General.
ROBIN: No!
Why did you have
to shake his hand?
Why I ask you, Cyborg, why?
I can't help it.
I'm just a friendly guy.
I like putting people at ease.
It should have been me.
I really, really hate
this planet.
How can anyone
as nice and perfect as
Starfire come from here?
Ew! Look.
Now she has to kiss
all those mouths.
And she never kissed you
on your one mouth.
Bummer.
We're gonna be here awhile.
Was the ceremony
not beautiful?
Now, please enjoy the rest
of your stay on Tamaran.
-I must go.
As the General's wife,
I must travel with his fleet
in order
to attend to his mouths
as he conquers the universe.
You will never see me again.
What? You can't go with him.
I know our customs
seem strange,
but it is important
to honor them.
Goodbye forever, friends.
This is not cool!
If Starfire is going to be
forced to marry anyone,
it's going to be me.
Titans, let's annul
this marriage.
Ahhh!
Friends, why did you
blow up my husband?
The peace treaty
is now broken.
The General's army
will soon attack,
and I have dishonored
my people.
And you are welcome.
-He was gross.
-Yeah, super gross!
Now the only way to save
my planet from the invasion
is in a traditional show
of bravery
by fighting Gridnock,
the skull crusher.
And if you don't,
this planet will be destroyed?
Yes.
Sounds good to me,
let's go home.
TITANS: Ahhh!
These are
the guardians of honor.
They will escort us
to our inevitable deaths
at the hands of Gridnock.
Hello, guardians!
Keeping those axes
sharp, I see.
Is he not magnificent?
Why are you
so happy about this?
It is an honor to prove
one's bravery on Tamaran.
So, how many people
have survived Gridnock?
None. That is why
it is such an honor.
None, Star?
Well, he's never faced
the Teen Titans.
Titans, go!
Whoa. Did we just get eaten?
That was fast!
Don't take this
the wrong way, Star,
but we hate your planet
and everything on it!
You are hurting
the feelings, Robin.
It's true.
This planet is awful.
We have no idea how you came
from a place like this.
Yes, life can be hard
on Tamaran.
But if I only saw
the negative,
my skull would have
been crushed many years ago.
Instead, I have learned
to find the best
in any situation.
In fact, that is the only way
I have been able to tolerate
you all as my roommates.
Oh, Star, that's beautiful.
I always wondered
why you didn't hate us.
Well, if we're gonna die,
we might as well
be positive like Starfire.
We're in an alien
rock monster's belly,
what's not to love?
Look, is that
a half
Not a hot dog,
but I've never tasted
anything like it before!
Hmm. It's so nice and warm
in here like a free sauna.
Gettin' a good sweat on.
Detoxin'.
-Oh!
If Star survived so long
because of her
positive attitude,
then we have
to think like her.
You know what that means.
Titans!
Tickle War!
Belly button!
We defeated the Gridnock!
-Yeah, kid.
We couldn't have done it
without seeing things
the Tamaranian way, Star.
Now do you understand
why I love this planet so?
I think we do, Star.
Then, perhaps you will let me
show you more of Tamaran.
-Let's get out of here.
Worst place ever!
Blah!